Module One Assignment

We'll use a common application theme throughout the course for your
homework.  You assignments will provide hands-on coding tasks to
create application components that will form a complete application
when the course is finished.

For this module, you have learned about the data types, operators, and
statements in C#.

Using this knowledge you will start to form some of the foundation for
your application.  This assignment is designed to allow you to focus
on the data types that are appropriate for attributes of real-world
objects.  Later in the course, you will start to combine these
attributes with behaviors (methods) and then transition them into
object-oriented classes.

Create a C# Console application. Within the Main() method in this
application, create variables of the correct data type for the
following:

Student information, such as: First Name Last Name Birthdate Address
Line 1 Address Line 2 City State/Province Zip/Postal Country Any other
pertinent information you want to add for a student record Professor
information with pertinent fields A university degree with pertinent
fields such as Bachelor or Master A degree can be Bachelor of Science
in Information Technology and include fields such as Degree Name,
credits required, etc.  Some of the fields, such as course list and
prerequisites will need to wait until you know how to create arrays or
collections. A university program with pertinent fields such as
Computer Science or Arts.  Fields might include: Program name Degrees
offered (Bachelor, Master, Ph.D.) Department Head Information for a
course that would be part of your selected degree and program, with
pertinent fields NOTE: You can search online for university catalogs
to get an idea of the attributes for these objects.

Once you have the variables created, use assignment statements to
assign values to them and use the Console.WriteLine() method to output
the values to the console window.

Again, this assignment is merely intended to check your understanding
of how to create variables, assign values to them, and output the
information to a console window.  You will build on these concepts and
begin to create more functionality in later modules.
